out here Richard Ryan my buddy fake
watch bus has sent me seven fake watches
and dispose them in different ways
Hewitt's bitch cow some of the shotgun
could be a pretty cool video I think so
I think so with no what's the deal with
these watches so apparently all these
rappers you know claim to have all this
money but they're out there buying fake
watches and he's got a whole Instagram
account set up just exposed he's really
anybody he's like exposed yet like was a
rapper like a watch that they had oh
yeah so it really got a watch that's
constantly saying it's a 1045 or
something like that so Dan hit me up
yesterday literally like 24 hours before
I'm heading national hey you want to go
shoot some Rolexes all right so uh here
it is